Your limitation-it's only your imagination.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success doesn't just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Little things make big days.
It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we're tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Dream it. Believe it. Build it.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine-and shadows will fall behind you.
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.
I dwell in possibility.
Light tomorrow with today.
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.
A No. 2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
Each day provides its own gifts.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.
The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty.
Don't Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.
You Learn More From Failure Than From Success. Don't Let It Stop You. Failure Builds Character.
It's Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It's Whether You Get Up.
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.
The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.
Creativity Is Intelligence Having Fun.
What You Lack In Talent Can Be Made Up With Desire, Hustle And Giving 110% All The Time.
Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.
You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.
To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage.
Reading Is To The Mind, As Exercise Is To The Body.
Fake It Until You Make It! Act As If You Had All The Confidence You Require Until It Becomes Your Reality.
The Future Belongs To The Competent. Get Good, Get Better, Be The Best!
For Every Reason It's Not Possible, There Are Hundreds Of People Who Have Faced The Same Circumstances And Succeeded.
Things Work Out Best For Those Who Make The Best Of How Things Work Out.
A Room Without Books Is Like A Body Without A Soul.
I Think Goals Should Never Be Easy, They Should Force You To Work, Even If They Are Uncomfortable At The Time.
One Of The Lessons That I Grew Up With Was To Always Stay True To Yourself And Never Let What Somebody Else Says Distract You From Your Goals.
Today's Accomplishments Were Yesterday's Impossibilities.
The Only Way To Do Great Work Is To Love What You Do. If You Haven't Found It Yet, Keep Looking. Don't Settle.
You Don't Have To Be Great To Start, But You Have To Start To Be Great.
A Clear Vision, Backed By Definite Plans, Gives You A Tremendous Feeling Of Confidence And Personal Power.
There Are No Limits To What You Can Accomplish, Except The Limits You Place On Your Own Thinking.
Integrity Is The Most Valuable And Respected Quality Of Leadership. Always Keep Your Word.
Leadership Is The Ability To Get Extraordinary Achievement From Ordinary People
Leaders Set High Standards. Refuse To Tolerate Mediocrity Or Poor Performance
Clarity Is The Key To Effective Leadership. What Are Your Goals?
The Best Leaders Have A High Consideration Factor. They Really Care About Their People
Leaders Think And Talk About The Solutions. Followers Think And Talk About The Problems.
The Key Responsibility Of Leadership Is To Think About The Future. No One Else Can Do It For You.